[Music]
We're no strangers to
love. You know the rules and so do
I. Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Tell you what I'm
feeling. It's going to make you
understand.
[Music]
We will say
goodbye and
you know each
other so long.
[Music]
If you ask me how I
feel
around Yeah.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
Never going to give. Never going to
give. Never going to give. Never going
to
give. We've known each other for so
long. Your heart's been aching, but
you're too shy to say this. We both know
what's been going
on. We know the game and we're going to
play it.
I just want to tell you how I'm
[Music]
feeling.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
I'm going to run around and desert you.
I'm going to make you. I'm going to say
goodbye.
[Music]
You know I've been so lonely every night
since you went
away. Would you let me down any night?
Is that the way you made
her? I keep telling myself it's all
right.
Yeah.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
You come back
today. You said you wouldn't hurt me
anyway. And I believe in
you. You said we trust each other every
day. We never be
true. But I keep
thinking lies.
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
You come back
today. Come back. Come back. Come back
today. I keep thinking of lies.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
You come back
today. My arms keep missing you. Been
kissing
you since you went
away. My arms keep missing you. I keep
wishing
you. Come back
today. My arms keep missing you.
kissing
you. I will burn just when tomorrow will
I be lonely again. When you see me, is
it love in your eyes? What you
feeling deep down inside? Do you think
about me when I'm far away? Do you dream
about
me? Can I find a way to make you want
me? I want
[Music]
you. Would you love me, too? Take me to
your heart.
If you
do not take me to your
heart for your love, for your love is
all I need to know. Can you tell me when
you look at me? If you need
me in all honesty,
cause as sure as can be. I'll make you
happy eternally. Cuz I think about you
when you're far away and I dream about
you. I make
you the way that I want you. I think you
could take me to your
heart. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Think about you. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
If you
do take me to your
heart is all I need to know. Take me to
your
heart. If you knew my feeling, you would
not say no. Take me to your heart. Never
let me
[Music]
go. I'll bring my love to
you. I'll bring my love to you.
I've been up messed
around. But next time around, I'm going
to change the rules. And I don't care
about the things that people say. It's
you I think about each and every day.
It's much too late for you to change
your ways. I can't keep holding on,
expecting you to stay when you're all
alone. And if you're feeling
down, I'll be all
right. You need somebody.
[Music]
Lost inside the love where I want to be.
I'm just asking you spend some time with
me. Time and time save. You want to be
free and you can have some fun. That's
okay. You will never know just how good
I feel. The joy inside of me makes me
feel so real when you're all alone. And
if you're feeling
down, I'll be
around
you. I'll bring my love to
[Music]
you. I want to be with
you. I'll bring my love to
you. I just want to be with
you. I just want to be with you.
It's not too late for you to change your
[Music]
way. I'll be
your love to
[Music]
you. Heat. Heat. Heat.
I just want to be with
you. Whenever you need
somebody, I'll bring my love to you.
[Music]
We've been trying for a long time to say
what we want to
say, but feelings don't come easy to
express in a simple
way. But we all have feelings. We all
need loving. And who would be the fool
to say that if you hold me in your
arms? I won't feel better.
If you hold me in your
arms, we can break this stor
together. We both know there's a
problem, a problem that we've got to
[Music]
face. So put your trust in me, lover. No
one's ever going to take your place. Cuz
we all have a problem. We all have
fears. But there's always got to be a
way. Yes, we all have feelings. We all
need it. And you would be a fool to say
that if you only in your
arms, I won't feel better.
If you hold me in your
arms, we can bring the sto
[Music]
You only have to hold
me. Touch me to make me feel so good.
me. Feel me to make me feel the way you
know I should.
[Music]
Hold me in your
arms. Hold
me. Hold me in
your
[Music]
me. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Oh, heat, heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
There's a
girl I to see and I really get the
feeling that she likes me. She said some
but not so many words. I got to tell you
what
I
[Music]
she wants to dance. She wants to dance
with me.
[Music]
No
t and I never meant to hurt my beautiful
so much. I love her and I wish she love
me and that's the way it's got to be.
[Music]
So tight to me. She wants to dance with
me. Be what she wants to be.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
the whole world so
tight. She wants to dance with
me. She wants to be. She wants to dance
with me.
so tight next to me. She wants to dance
with
me. I let her be what she wants to be.
She wants to dance with
me cuz I hold her so tight next to me.
She wants to dance with me.
[Music]
If there's anything you need, all you
have to do is say, "Oh, you satisfy.
Everything shouldn't waste a single
day. So don't stop me falling. It's
destiny calling the power. I just
can't
[Music]
change my
hand. Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
If they ever get you down, there's
always something I can
do. Because I wouldn't ever want to see
around. I'll always do what's best for
you. There ain't no mistake. It's true.
We're making something to last for all
time. Heat. Heat. Heat.
Yeah. Heat.
[Music]
Stop
falling power. I just
can't
[Music]
change.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
and never to pass. Together forever we
do. And don't you know I would move
heaven and earth to be together forever
with
you together forever.
[Music]
She's taking my time. Convince me she's
fine. But when she leaves, I'm not so
sure. It's always the same. She's
playing her game.
And when she
goes, I feel to
blame. Why won't she say she?
I know she's not as strong as she
seems. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Why don't
I wonder around the streets of this
town trying to find
The rain on my face. It covers the
trace. All the
tears I had to
waste. Why must we hide
emotions? Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Yeah.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]